Hey, Walker, in this lecture, we are finally going to be able to pick image either from the gallery
or from the camera.
Okay, then let's do this.
We're going to need to go back to our via record and then the London customer screen.
And what we can do, we can use control and beat the mic this wide.
Okay.
Now I know that you have a much more clean record.
We're going to need to create a function just the same way we did for this sign up.
So over a year, we're going to first create a function in a that's a peak image from the gallery.
So we can call this function peak.
Image from.
From Gallery.
Okay.
And now we're going to need access to this reusable function we have over.
And in order to have access to this reusable function, we first need to have access to this controller
class because this function is within the class.
Okay.
Now, over here, we already have the function.
Sorry, we already have the class imported and we basically save the results in a variable called on
the score horse controller.
Okay.
So now what we can do is over here, we can then call the underscore or it's.
Underscore Odds controller and we can then have assets to that function.
So we can say dot peak image.
Okay, now you can see it's asking for the value.
Remember over here we had passed in a dynamic variable called source and over here is asking for the
value to that variable.
Okay.
So for this, this is going to be a major source.
Dark Arts Gallery.
So we're going to be able to pick image now from the gallery.
So you can just had a semicolon over here.
And what we can then do now is we can store the image in a variable.
We can store it available card image or we can just say I am, which is the short form of image and
equal to.
And this is a type of something known as you.
Ain't.
Most of the time, you just have to memorize all this process.
You're in eight lists.
Sorry, eight.
Make sure you don't go with the system, but eight.
Okay.
And after we pick an image, we're going to need to display the image over here.
So basically, we're going to need to update the UI to something that's and in order to update the UI,
we have to set state.
So over here we can then say set.
States and we can store the pigs image in the global variable.
So all we can do is over here.
We can create a global variable which we are going to call underscore image.
And this is the type of you.
Ain't.
Its nature is not sustained.
But it's.
At least.
Okay.
And we can say it can be nor.
Now over here we can then Korda on the score image that is the global variable and we can see it's going
to be equal to this variable or via.
Okay.
This country needs to save.
And now we can call this function.
So we have that over.
This is for the camera.
And this should be.
The camera.
And this is okay.
This is for the gallery.
Right.
Okay.
So over here, we can then cover the story.
Peak.
Image from gallery.
Okay, now we start this.
Ports starting.
Okay.
We just have to wait.
And.
And now we can try this.
Okay.
Click on this.
You can see now the gallery is open.
If you don't have any image, all you just have to do is to go to where you have your pictures.
And you can just drag this and.
Howard is over here and you're going to see it in the loads.
You might not see it in every sense, but you're going to see it in the downloads.
Okay, so now we can pick this image.
Okay.
Now, what we want to do is we want to be able to display the image over here.
And remember, over here, this variable called Higham.
Has the value of whatever the user picked.
And over here we created a global variable.
And you can see we are using this global variable and we are basically assigning this value to the global
variable.
Right.
Okay.
So over the Sequoia avatar, we're going to do some check.
So over here we can say if image.
Sorry, underscore.
Image.
Words.
So.
No, Dorrit, what am I doing?
Okay.
On the score.
Image is not a score so.
Nor if it is not equal to.
Nor it means the user speaks an image.
Right.
Then we are not going to return the square.
But what we can just do.
We can just copy this.
Copy this, and this is going to be for the spouse.
Okay.
So if it is not equal to know, what we want to do is.
Over it, this background.
We are basically written in a background color.
So if it is not equal to no, that is if the user has successfully picked an image, the circle avatar
has something known as background image.
And for the background image there's something known as memory.
Memory image, and now we can call that global variable, which is scored on the score image and we
can see it can be more.
Okay, great.
So if it is not equal to no, which means the user has actually picked an image.
So we're going to return a Sequoia avatar which has the background image.
Else.
We just want to return a square water with just the background color.
Okay.
So we can ask what we can just do.
We can start this.
But we started.
Okay.
Pick this.
Nothing happens.
What we can.
What we have to do is.
This will always take some time.
So we have to await it.
And in order to use it weight, we have to use the async of a.
And how it.
Okay.
Now we start.
Or it's restarting.
Sorry.
Okay.
If I'm allowed to start.
Now we can try to peek and the image.
Ticketmaster or to start this app.
Okay.
And pick this.
You can see Tovia.
Okay.
Pick this.
Remember, we made this dynamic so we can just copy this.
So copy this function.
And.
This is going to be peak image from.
Camera.
Right.
And now we can change the source to.
Towards camera.
And what we have to do is to core the function.
Okay.
We have that.
Over.
Over a year.
So this is going to be peak image.
From camera.
Okay.
Now we start.
And we're going to be able to pick image now from the camera and from the gallery.
Okay.
What we started.
Click on camera.
There's no opening up the camera.
Okay.
Working as expected.
We just have to wait for the camera because it's taking some time.
And that was why we have to wait for it.
Okay.
Allow.
And next.
Okay.
Go, go, go.
And I'm just going to go sit.
And this is okay.
I've snapped and.
Okay.
This is.
It sounds good, right?
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.